AFAC’s cinema funding is open to all kinds of film projects – short films, feature narratives, short documentaries, feature documentaries, animation and experimental film. AFAC offers funding for development/scripting, production and post-production. Projects applying for a development/ scripting grant are eligible for a maximum of $15,000 while projects applying for a production/ post-production grant are eligible for a maximum of $50,000.
AFAC’s cinema funding is open to all kinds of film projects – short films, feature narratives, short documentaries, feature documentaries, animation and experimental film. AFAC offers funding for development/scripting, production and post-production. Projects applying for a development/ scripting grant are eligible for a maximum of $15,000 while projects applying for a production/ post-production grant are eligible for a maximum of $50,000.
The AHF awards grants solely to support public humanities projects. Active public participation, involvement of humanities scholars, and strong humanities content are the three essential ingredients of AHF-funded projects.
Aide aux cinémas du monde is the fund, managed by the CNC and the Institut français, dedicated to international co-productions. Jointly created by the Ministry for Culture and Communication and the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs, it is managed by the Centre National du Cinéma et de l'Image Animée (CNC) and the Institut français.It is a selective fund, and is granted as a subsidy either before or after completion of a project. It is granted to foreign feature-length film projects that are seeking support from French co-producers.
Aide aux cinémas du monde is the fund, managed by the CNC and the Institut français, dedicated to international co-productions. Jointly created by the Ministry for Culture and Communication and the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs, it is managed by the Centre National du Cinéma et de l'Image Animée (CNC) and the Institut français.It is a selective fund, and is granted as a subsidy either before or after completion of a project. It is granted to foreign feature-length film projects that are seeking support from French co-producers.
The Alaska Humanities Forum's Grant Program funds humanities-based projects. In order to fulfill its mission, the Forum supports grant projects that: educate the public, get people talking, increase public access, and preserve and promote Alaska's stories.
The Alaska Humanities Forum's Grant Program funds humanities-based projects. In order to fulfill its mission, the Forum supports grant projects that: educate the public, get people talking, increase public access, and preserve and promote Alaska's stories.
In addition to their annual 5-day film festival, the American Documentary Film Fund was established for independent American filmmakers. The Fund's participants are able to compete for financing for new projects as well as works in progress.
The Antarctic Artists and Writers Program furnishes U.S. Antarctic Program operational support, and round-trip economy air tickets between the United States and the Southern Hemisphere, to artists and writers whose work requires them to be in the Antarctic to complete their proposed project. The Program does not provide any funding to participants, including for such items as salaries, materials, completion of the envisioned works, or any other purpose.
The National Endowment for the Arts is committed to support activities that reflect the dynamic, diverse, and evolving nature of the media arts field. Applicants may apply in this Art Works category for media arts projects that support creation, exhibition, education, and distribution of historic and contemporary artworks in all genres and forms that use electronic media, film and technology (analog & digital; old and new) as an artistic medium or a medium to broaden arts appreciation and awareness (of any discipline). All genres are welcome to apply; all phases of project support are eligible.
American Documentary (AmDoc) welcomes applications from nonfiction mediamakers who are facing financial emergencies due to unforeseen personal calamities such as health issues, eviction, or disasters. These one-time grants are a direct response to concerns about low salaries and overall sustainability within the documentary field, especially among emerging and underrepresented mediamakers. To date, this is the first fund of its kind dedicated to supporting mediamakers working in nonfiction.
Assembly is a new development lab for creative documentaries which will take place in September 2019, organised by Open City Documentary Festival.
Public Educational Media Grants support capstone funding to complete production for major series that are assured of national airing by PBS or other national distribution platforms. Grant proposals should highlight innovative uses of technology that will enhance community outreach and contribute to teaching audiences of all ages. Preference is given equally to children’s series and programs of enduring value on subjects such as history, culture, and science. Consideration is given on occasion to stand-alone programs of exceptional merit with a confirmed national airing. Educational television programs whose primary purpose is advocacy fall outside the program guidelines and will not be accepted.
Since 1991, BAVC's National MediaMaker Fellowship has provided in-kind training and support for independent artists at work on social-issue nonfiction film and multimedia projects, with a particular focus on supporting emerging artists and underserved communities. The Fellowship builds an engaged national community of creative media artists from diverse fields, increases their capacity for project completion and lasting impact, and inspires new partnerships and collaboration to support future work.
Film Grants For Documentary Filmmakers Less Than 5 Years Post College 
Black Public Media trains and supports filmmakers of color to diversify multi-platform digital authorship. BPM has a legacy of proudly supporting producers and digital media storytellers who represent the global Black experience. It’s a our goal to provide funding and distribution within our affiliated public media networks including representation on our dedicated online/web series channel BlackPublicMedia.org.
Brico Forward Fund will award a pool of cash prize and sponsor-donated production resources (camera rentals, lighting rentals, and post-production audio and visual services, etc.) to jury-selected recipients in packages that combine cash and services to suit the needs of the project.
The CAAM Documentaries for Social Change Fund, supported by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, will offer grants for social issue documentary films that highlight Asian American narratives. This Fund will provide much needed resources to projects for research and development and in early production. This Fund will run annually until 2020
With support from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB), CAAM provides production funding to independent producers who make engaging Asian American works for public television. Reopens JANUARY 7, 2019
The new CAAM Fellowship Program, which will be offered to three to five fellows per year, is a year-long career and project development opportunity for Asian American social issues filmmakers. CAAM’s Fellowship Program will create the space for a fulfilling relationship between veteran and emerging media makers and incorporate opportunities to participate in documentary markets and other professional development events. The program will include monthly meetings between mentors and fellows, two full cohort gatherings, three mentor-led masterclasses, and more. The core cohort convening for the Fellowship will take place at CAAMFest 2019, where fellows will learn the art of the pitch and have the opportunity to pitch their works at the Filmmaker Summit.  
Cannes Producer’s Network annually selects and sponsor attendance for up to seven independent producers to participate in the Producer’s Network & Workshop’ prestigious week-long immersion programs. Running concurrently with Cannes International Film Festival, the 2018 Producer’s Network will be held May 9-16, 2018 and is specifically designed for established producers to build up their international networks and share expertise on the international production, financing, legal and packaging.
Catapult Film Fund provides development funding to documentary filmmakers who have a compelling story to tell, have secured access to their story, and are ready to shoot and edit a piece for production fundraising purposes. Our mission is to enable filmmakers to develop their films to the next level at a moment where funding is hard to find.
The Accelerator Lab is focused on identifying and supporting women nonfiction directors working on their first or second feature-length documentary. This program brings together ten projects helmed by first- or second-time directors, with a special focus on underrepresented voices.
Project: Hatched is Chicken & Egg Pictures’ completion fund, a ten-month program designed to support nonfiction directors as they prepare for the world premiere of a feature-length documentary film and develop a strategic impact and audience engagement campaign. At this time, applications are open only to AlumNest filmmakers whose current film has yet to receive support from Chicken & Egg Pictures and filmmakers who are invited to apply by Chicken & Egg Pictures team members at film forums and markets.  
Cinereach grants are awarded to support any stage of a film’s progression, from development to completion. Each year 20-30 grants are awarded to new and existing grantees in amounts ranging from $5,000 – $50,000. Throughout its engagement with grantees, Cinereach may also offer additional resources to increase the films’ momentum. The Florida Project, Dina, and Strong Island are recently released grantees. 
The Cinereach Producers Initiative aims to offset the lack of sustainability for committed independent producers. Recipients of its $50,000 producing award have included Karin Chien, Julie Goldman, Lars Knudsen, Heather Rae, Joslyn Barnes, Shrihari Sathe and Jay van Hoy.
 NASA and Houston Cinema Arts Society offer filmmakers around the world a chance to share their works inspired by, and using, real NASA imagery through “CineSpace,” a short film competition.
Over five days in New York City in July, we will bring together nine of the best creative climate projects and surround them by the kinetic energy of experts - lawyers & political strategists, indigenous & faith leaders, branding experts & campaign organizers. Together, this powerful group will strategize with the teams and help them to imagine how best to inspire citizens, engage politicians and mobilize communities with these projects.
CMG Action Grants support projects that use video to create measurable impact in our focus areas. CMG seeks filmmakers and organizations of all ages and experience levels as potential grantees. Many Action Grants include matching funds from an organization connected to the grantee's project, but matching funds are not required. Included in the Action Grant is funding for production, post-production, distribution and impact measurement. Action Grant proposals may seek to create impact locally, nationally, or internationally and may be based anywhere in the world. All CMG awards are distributed as charitable funds and require that they are used in a responsible, non-profit manner.
CMG’s Focus Fund supports feature film length projects that aim to create measurable impact in our CMG focus areas of providing sanctuary for marine life, reducing ocean plastic at its source, and transitioning to a low-carbon economy. These grants of $25,000-$150,000 may be used for project development, a pitch trailer, a portion of or entire production, and/or film distribution & impact engagement. Filmmaker applicants are encouraged to be working in partnership with an established conservation or environmental organization. 
CPH:LAB is conceived as an incubator for documentary projects that seek to explore the potential of digital technologies and advance new visions of what a documentary can be in a digital age. It offers a space for experimentation and collaboration in creative, cross-disciplinary partnerships across film, the creative arts, science, technology and social entrepreneurship.  CPH:LAB assists the development, production and launch of a number of documentary projects, that push the envelope in terms of creativity and the use of technology to create an impact on people and society through new ways of storytelling, for new platforms, reaching new audiences.
Creative Capital provides integrated financial and advisory support to artists pursuing adventurous projects in all disciplines. creative Capital is one of the only national nonprofit organizations that awards grants to individual artists through an open application process. They are a premier provider of risk capital in the arts, taking chances to support ideas that are bold, innovative and genre-stretching. Their individualized approach surrounds artists with the financial and advisory resources they need to realize their artistic visions and build sustainable careers. 
The Crossing Borders program provides international research grants to authors, filmmakers, and photographers who address current social issues and seek to reflect their impact on examine different cultures and societies through their work. The aim of the program is to support the creation of publications that refute commonly held stereotypes, inspire dialog and promote mutual understanding. Crossing Borders is a program of the Robert Bosch Stiftung, conducted in cooperation with Literarisches Colloquium Berlin.
Derek Freese Documentary Fund (DFDF) provides production support for feature-length documentary films that have both a strong narrative and compelling story, across a broad spectrum of subject matters. This award is given biennially (every other year) to an independent filmmaker and provides up to $35,000 in finishing funds.
BBC World Service and Sundance Institute are collaborating for the second time on a documentary radio and podcast series to launch in 2019. We are seeking creative and ambitious storytelling on the theme of Detours. Through 1 Nov 2018, we are inviting original, essential and thought-provoking submissions for audio documentary stories and treatments that explore the world as we experience it today.
The Digital Lab Africa call for projects targets artists, producers, designers, startups, students in the media and creative industries. The call is open to any individual from Sub-Saharan African region having an innovative project in 5 categories of multimedia production: web creation, virtual reality, video game, animation  and digital music.
The Disability Rights Storytellers Fellowship managed by Rooted in Rights and AAPD provides the opportunity for individuals with disabilities to learn and apply skills in digital media storytelling, and to connect with media professionals to prepare participants for advanced careers in media production, journalism, online advocacy, or digital design. The project combines hands-on training in cutting-edge technologies with a strong foundation in developing each individual’s voice and using story-driven videos in advocacy. 
Doc Society Circle Fund is a funders group bonded by a passion for enabling the very best documentary film. The fund was set up in response to the growing demand by individual philanthropists and family foundations who are committed to helping secure a diverse and independent future for media.
Doc Society's New Perspectives seed fund is an international film fund supporting the development of documentary features on issues of social justice, driven by filmmakers who exhibit a unique perspective granted by their connection to the community or issue at hand.
DocPitch will be held from May 3rd to 6th at DocLands Documentary Film Festival. DocPitch is an initiative designed to connect filmmakers with a film project currently in development, to organizations, funders, distributors, philanthropists, fellow filmmakers-and future audiences. 
The goals of the Doha Film Institute Grants Programme are to identify new talent, seek out new cinematic voices and discover universally resonant stories. The Programme provides creative and financial assistance for short and feature-length projects, subject to eligibility criteria, by Qatari and international first- and second-time directors, as well as established MENA directors.
The goals of the Doha Film Institute Grants Programme are to identify new talent, seek out new cinematic voices and discover universally resonant stories. The Programme provides creative and financial assistance for short and feature-length projects, subject to eligibility criteria, by Qatari and international first- and second-time directors, as well as established MENA directors.
The goals of the Doha Film Institute Grants Programme are to identify new talent, seek out new cinematic voices and discover universally resonant stories. The Programme provides creative and financial assistance for short and feature-length projects, subject to eligibility criteria, by Qatari and international first- and second-time directors, as well as established MENA directors.
The Alaska Humanities Forum's Duty Bound Grant Program draws on the power of the humanities to support deepened understanding of the experiences of those Americans affiliated with the armed services, whether active-duty, reserve, National Guard, retirees, or veterans.
Edit Center's unique six-week workshop has brought together independent filmmakers in need of  editing help and up-and-coming editors looking to sharpen their skills. Filmmakers accepted into the program receive free rough cuts edited by students, plus input from the award-winning editors who teach the classes and supervise the students’ work.
The Elizabeth Neuffer Fellowship provides academic and professional opportunities to advance the reporting skills of women journalists who focus on human rights and social justice. The Fellowship was created in memory of The Boston Globe correspondent and IWMF Courage in Journalism Award (1998) winner Elizabeth Neuffer, who died while reporting in Iraq on May 9, 2003. In collaboration with Neuffer’s family and friends, the IWMF started this program to honor Neuffer’s legacy while advancing her work in the fields of human rights and social justice.
To strengthen the circulation and distribution of audio-visual works supported at the production stage.
In 2008 Firelight expanded its mission and created the Documentary Lab, a flagship mentorship program that seeks out and develops emerging diverse filmmakers. The Lab provides filmmakers with one-on-one support, funding, professional development workshops and networking opportunities. More than just a workshop, the Documentary Lab is unrivaled in its representation of diverse producers, creating an exclusive network of talented unique storytellers that receive ongoing support from a project’s conception to its completion.
Firelight’s Impact Producer Fellowship, which launched in February 2017, is the first-ever training program dedicated to mentoring and training impact producers of color. This yearlong fellowship is rooted in a core belief that by providing social change activists with training on media strategy and impact, and connecting them with diverse storytellers, we can fuel change efforts and catalyze new narratives about diverse communities.
The Next Step Fund was created to respond to this crucial need. The NSF will provide up to $25,000 in production and post-production funding to five to seven filmmakers who are already in the Producers’ Lab to complete innovative documentary films that tell stories about people, places, and issues that are underrepresented in the mainstream. Funded activities may include travel, shooting, editing, and other mid to completion phase activities.
Fledgling has an open rolling application process for grants to support outreach and engagement for social issue documentary film projects that have the potential to inspire positive social change around issues that affect the health and well being of the most vulnerable.
Fledgling has an open rolling application process for grants to support outreach and engagement for social issue documentary film projects that have the potential to inspire positive social change around issues that affect the health and well being of the most vulnerable.
The Fledgling Engagement Lab was created to extend and deepen the support for documentary filmmakers interested in maximizing the social impact of their projects and building collaborative relationships with their peers. The Fledgling Engagement Lab will gather six documentary filmmakers for a 3-day residency in Virginia to plan, strategize, collaborate and share their ideas for deep impact with their projects. The Lab is open to documentary film projects that are in the early stages of planning and executing outreach and engagement and meet Fledgling’s grant criteria. 
To that end, Fledgling’s Special Fund for Rapid Story Deployment provides grants ranging from $2,500-$10,000 to support short non-fiction films and/or other visual stories that can be completed and distributed quickly. Priority will be given to projects that have a plan to distribute the work in ways that deepen the debate around our most critical social issues. We are open to funding at all stages (production, post-production, distribution and outreach) but will give priority to projects and that are well positioned to make an impact quickly.
One selected documentary filmmaker or video journalist will receive a $10,000 grant towards the creation of a short, cinematic documentary film, a one year ScreeningRoom Pro account, and mentorship in the form of feedback from Jigsaw, ScreeningRoom and Points North.
In the belief that film has a unique capacity to shed light, evoke compassion and stir action, Fork Films invests in and creates media that make an important social contribution, with a particular emphasis on material that has been overlooked, people who tend to be underestimated, and stories that have been left out of the mainstream historical record. Fork Films awards grants to full-length non-fiction films that foster a culture of understanding and work towards a more peaceful and just society, while utilizing powerful and artistic storytelling methods. Specifically, we seek films that promote peacebuilding, human rights, and social justice, with a particular emphasis on projects that bring women’s voices to the forefront.
The Fulbright-National Geographic Storytelling Fellowship, a component of the Fulbright U.S. Student Program, provides opportunities for U.S. citizens to participate in an academic year of overseas travel and storytelling in one, two, or three countries on a globally significant theme. This Fellowship is made possible through a partnership between the U.S. Department of State and the National Geographic Society. Storytellers publish stories on the Fulbright-National Geographic Stories blog.
SEJ’s Fund for Environmental Journalism invests in public service reporting on environment and the journalists who produce it. FEJ grants support development and dissemination of significant coverage that otherwise could not be completed.
FILMMAKERS WITHOUT BORDERS (FWB) supports independent filmmakers around the world via grants and other funding initiatives. Supported projects include narrative films, documentary films, and new media projects that align with themes of social justice, empowerment, and cultural exchange.
FILMMAKERS WITHOUT BORDERS (FWB) supports independent filmmakers around the world via grants and other funding initiatives. Supported projects include narrative films, documentary films, and new media projects that align with themes of social justice, empowerment, and cultural exchange.
The Garrett Scott Documentary Development Grant was founded in 2007 to support singular new voices in documentary film. Its emphasis is on first-time filmmakers with unconventional training, those making formally challenging work, and those grappling with difficult subjects. Welcoming any background, training or subject, the overriding mission is to support unique filmmaking talents at this crucial moment in their careers.
Glassbreaker Films WID grants provide funding for women directors who have a unique story to tell and are ready to produce a documentary. We are committed to building a community of filmmakers and we welcome submissions for films (shorts or features) with total production budgets under $150,000. We are committed to fully funding projects to provide an opportunity for our filmmakers to focus on their production without the need for further fundraising. As part of the grant, Glassbreaker Films supports our grantees with professional mentorship and development opportunities.
A Script and Project Development grant can be used for the further development of a script (e.g. research, writing, translation or hiring a coach or script consultant), but can also be used to present a project to financiers or other potential partners at (international) co-production meetings or film festivals. The maximum contribution for Script and Project Development is €10,000. For upcoming deadlines, please see here.
The Duplass Brothers and Seed&Spark are Providing $50K to Make a Feature Set in Your Hometown
The Hot Docs-Blue Ice Group Documentary Fund helps enable more African documentary filmmakers to tell stories and contribute to a new generation of the African documentary community. In 2016, the Fund was renewed with an additional $1.25 million CAD, bringing the total investment to $2.35 million.
The IDA Enterprise Documentary Fund provides development funds to documentary film projects taking on in-depth explorations of original, contemporary stories and integrating journalistic practice into the filmmaking process. Inclusion and diversity, both in terms of the filmmaking team and subject matter, are a priority of the fund.
The IDA Enterprise Documentary Fund provides production funds to feature-length documentary films taking on in-depth explorations of original, contemporary stories and integrating journalistic practice into the filmmaking process. In addition to funds, grantees will receive additional resources and expertise tailored to the needs of the project. Inclusion and diversity, both in terms of the filmmaking team and subject matter, are a priority of the fund.
For almost 30 years IDA's fiscal sponsorship program has been helping independent documentary projects of all types get funded, finished and seen. Our fiscal sponsorship program is open to independent filmmakers and documentarians, regardless of education, background or previous credits. Whether this is your first film, if you've been making documentaries as long as we've been sponsoring them, or if you have an idea and a plan, we can help.
IF/Then Shorts is a new filmmaking initiative that awards monetary grants and provides year-round distribution mentorship to filmmakers creating short documentaries.
The IFP Filmmaker Labs ensure that talented, emerging voices receive the support, resources, and industry exposure necessary to complete, market and distribute their first feature. Focusing exclusively on low-budget features (<$1million), this highly immersive program provides filmmakers with the technical, creative and strategic tools necessary to launch their films – and their careers.
The IFP Screen Forward Labs are a year-long program and incubator for the creators of fiction and non-fiction serialized projects that push storytelling forward. A weeklong intensive Lab provides participants with the knowledge, resources, and mentor support necessary for developing pitches, securing financing, and finding unique avenues for the distribution of their groundbreaking work.
The fund supports a wide range of genres from emerging makers to journalists working in non-fiction formats including print, audio, and video and seeking to bring their work visually to life via short form, feature length and serialized content. Grants will typically range from $10,000 – $30,000, depending on the scale and scope of the project.
In November 2018, we launched a seven-figure development equity fund for documentary features, series or early projects that could be both. Impact Partners will invest in the development of 4-8 projects a year, with a range of $10,000-$100,000 per project.
We are looking for projects that tell strong, cinematic stories, explore the urgent issues and questions of our time, and have a clear point of view and artistic vision. We invest in 10-12 projects a year, and review submissions year-round on a rolling basis. If you are working on a feature-length documentary and looking for funding, we welcome you to apply to our fund.
Influence Film Foundation provides funds for passionate films made by passionate filmmakers. We provide completion funding to character driven feature-length documentaries that address issues of social importance from around the world.
Our newest initiative gives you seed funding so you can develop digital stories for public media. Emerging storytellers are welcome.
We’re looking for exceptional stories by filmmakers from diverse backgrounds: stories that take creative risks, inspire dialogue, and are rarely seen on public media. We are committed to supporting producers of color and creating public media programming that is truly inclusive.
Get funding and support to complete your single nonfiction program for broadcast on public television—whether you’re a first-time filmmaker or a veteran producer.
Jackson Wild Scholarships will be granted to emerging filmmakers who who represent historically underrepresented people and perspectives. We are looking for: A strong interest in science and nature communication as demonstrated by your films, interests, publications, activities, and/or coursework. Secondary consideration include the aspects below: The potential to contribute to the field in developing films, stories, photographs, articles, or other real-world applications.
The program sponsors established environmental and conservation filmmakers to attend this year’s Summit. Filmmakers will be considered from Africa, Latin America, Southeast Asia, or India who are telling stories about their homeland’s environmental and conservation challenges. Successful candidates will have had at least one film of notoriety released in their home region.
The fund provides support for emerging and diverse content producers of non-fiction shorts, feature-length programs, web series, 360-VR, or podcasts. The Scholarship is inspired by the life and work of Jacquie Jones who dedicated her life to the development and growth of diverse content creators, and the creation of projects that serve the needs of all communities that encourage dialogue, nurture respect and promote understanding.
One film grant in the amount of $10,000 will be awarded to cover post-production and/or distribution costs of a documentary film, which draws on the JDC archival collections. Eligible films will focus on twentieth century Jewish history, humanitarian assistance, and related topics. Topics can include issues, events, and personalities related to overseas Jewish communities during the last century. We seek applicants with a proven track record as filmmakers
JustFilms supports independent film and emerging media projects that explore urgent social justice issues and seek to challenge inequality in all its forms. We also support the organizations and networks that help further these projects. Funds are distributed in two areas, social justice storytelling and 21st-century infrastructure, which together aim to transform pervasive narratives that produce and maintain inequality, and attract more resources for artist-driven creative visual storytelling around the world.
April 25-28, LANGSTON will showcase stories from the African Diaspora through the lens of over 25 independent filmmakers in the 16th annual Langston Hughes African American Film Festival. The four-day event, hosted at Langston Hughes Performing Arts Institute will kick off with a screening of provocative short films by emerging talent. 
This new national prize is designed to provide finishing funds for feature length American history documentaries in the tradition of Ken Burns. Appropriate submissions are rough cut films focusing on American narratives. They use inclusive voices, reflect the highest standards of accuracy and original research, and are driven by compelling storytelling. The goal of this annual award is to support the development of quality American history documentary films so that more are seen by a wider audience.
The Logan Nonfiction Program directly supports nonfiction writers, documentary filmmakers, photojournalists and multimedia creators so they can tell the stories that matter.
Current Issues Fund (CIF) provides production and post-production funding to documentary films (60 or 90 minutes only) exploring contemporary civic and social justice issues that integrate the Latino American perspective, incorporate a journalistic approach into the filmmaking process and have resonance for a national audience.  At a time when civic and social divides seem deeper and more intractable than ever, this new fund will enable LPB to support more issue-based Latino-themed documentary films and share these important stories throughout the public media system.
The Public Media Content Fund (PMCF) is an open invitation to independent producers to submit proposals for documentaries, limited series or short digital video programs for online distribution (no longer than 20 minutes) that meet LPB’s Content Priorities and are appropriate for public television and/or one of its platforms.
Funded primarily by the State of Maine, the MHC Grants Program assists Maine’s nonprofit organizations in developing public projects that incorporate one or more humanities disciplines. We are particularly interested in supporting projects that: Stimulate meaningful community dialogue, Attract diverse public audiences, Are participatory and engaging, Invite discovery of the humanities in interesting and exciting ways, Incorporate the guidance of humanities professionals, Are free, and Are collaborative.
Funded primarily by the State of Maine, the MHC Grants Program assists Maine’s nonprofit organizations in developing public projects that incorporate one or more humanities disciplines. We are particularly interested in supporting projects that: Stimulate meaningful community dialogue, Attract diverse public audiences, Are participatory and engaging, Invite discovery of the humanities in interesting and exciting ways, Incorporate the guidance of humanities professionals, Are free, and Are collaborative.
Funded primarily by the State of Maine, the MHC Grants Program assists Maine’s nonprofit organizations in developing public projects that incorporate one or more humanities disciplines. We are particularly interested in supporting projects that: Stimulate meaningful community dialogue, Attract diverse public audiences, Are participatory and engaging, Invite discovery of the humanities in interesting and exciting ways, Incorporate the guidance of humanities professionals, Are free, and Are collaborative.
Small Film Grants of up to MYR 5,000 and SGD 5,000 cash are available for fresh or unfinished documentary films about Malaysia and Singapore.
Mama Cash supports ambitious feminist and women's rights organisations and initiatives led by and for women, girls, trans and intersex people. We advise groups wishing to apply to consider the Mama Cash selection criteria and priority. The Letter of Interest format will be available from 19 March 2018.
Our grants support public programming with the humanities at its heart — inspiring organizations to explore innovative programs that spark dialogue, strive to engage new audiences, and stimulate the thoughtful exchange of ideas.
Our grants support public programming with the humanities at its heart — inspiring organizations to explore innovative programs that spark dialogue, strive to engage new audiences, and stimulate the thoughtful exchange of ideas.
The McKnight Foundation’s Arts program is one of the oldest and largest of its kind in the country. Established in 1981, the McKnight Artist Fellowships provide annual, unrestricted cash awards to outstanding mid-career Minnesota artists in ten areas. Eight arts organizations oversee the administration of the fellowships and structure their own programs to respond to the unique challenges of different creative disciplines.
The Miller / Packan Focus Grant provides $15,000 in development funding for specific documentary film topics selected by The Rogovy Foundation. Our goal is to encourage awareness, debate and solutions on issues we’ve identified as ripe for further discussion.
The Miller / Packan Film Fund supports documentaries that Educate, Inspire and Enrich. The Fund is financed through the Rogovy Foundation. We believe in the transformational power that comes from enlightening narratives and inspiring characters. The fund operates an open call submission process, and awards are announced bi-annually. Each grant is one-time only and offered in amounts up to $25,000. 
Mountainfilm is committed to help creative individuals tell stories that support our mission. Each year, we award a total of $30,000 in grants to filmmakers, photographers, artists and adventurers whose projects are intended to inspire audiences to create a better world. Interested parties should apply if they’re creating a work that can be presented in a theater, gallery or on television and online. We seek projects that will have positive and tangible effects on specific and vital issues. It's also essential that the project is invested with both the passion and capacity to be completed fully. The overarching goal of our granting program is to help ensure that important stories are both told and heard. 
LEF invests in documentary film and video projects that demonstrate excellence in technique, originality of vision and voice, and creativity in form. The strongest proposals will be those that clearly articulate the ways in which the proposed project aligns with the program’s funding criteria.
LEF invests in documentary film and video projects that demonstrate excellence in technique, originality of vision and voice, and creativity in form. The strongest proposals will be those that clearly articulate the ways in which the proposed project aligns with the program’s funding criteria.
LEF invests in documentary film and video projects that demonstrate excellence in technique, originality of vision and voice, and creativity in form. The strongest proposals will be those that clearly articulate the ways in which the proposed project aligns with the program’s funding criteria.
The National Association of Black Journalists is pleased to announce our continued partnership with Comcast NBCUniversal for the NBC News Summer Fellows Program! The NABJ/NBC News Summer Fellowship gives students real world experience and exposure to one of the world's leading news divisions, which includes NBC News, MSNBC and CNBC. 
The Facebook Journalism Project and the Native American Journalists Association have partnered to establish The NAJA Facebook Journalism Project Scholarship, in an effort to support quality journalism that strengthens and connects communities. NAJA will select five students for one-time awards of $10,000 each for the NAJA - Facebook Journalism Project Scholarship for Native American students pursuing journalism and media degrees at a higher learning institutions.
The $10,000 grant award is supported by the Adán Medrano Legacy Award Donor Collaborative. The award supports dynamic cinema production by an emerging Latinx filmmaker that contributes towards a deeper understanding of Latinx expression and identity.
The NFA Artist/Ensemble grant program is for U.S. and Puerto Rico-based Latino artists, in all disciplines, working individually or as part of a Latino ensemble, arts collective, or community-based arts group. 
The NALAC Pod Grant is open to Latinx artists or cultural workers. This grant will support projects led by NALAC members that builds upon NALAC’s mission of promotion, advancement, development, and cultivation of the Latinx arts field. This is an opportunity for arts administrators, cultural workers and artists to organize networks, mobilize advocacy, amplify visibility, refine leadership skills, or sharpen aesthetic and critical thinking in their local arts and culture communities
The NALAC Fund for the Arts Puerto Rico Artist Grant supports the work of artists living in Puerto Rico working across all disciplines.
The 2019 Native Filmmaker Fellowship offering unique access to our network of filmmakers and professional resources, is now open for application. The program is open to Native American, Alaska Native, Hawaiian Native and First Nations of Canada filmmakers. 3-4 fellows will be selected and announced in early December 2018. Fellows will receive travel and accommodations for 5 days during the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival, an All-Access festival pass including entry to screenings, DocShop and special events, and a private seminar led by Indigenous filmmaking industry leaders. 
The Media Projects program supports film, television, and radio projects that engage general audiences with humanities ideas in creative and appealing ways. All projects must be grounded in humanities scholarship in disciplines such as history, art history, film studies, literature, drama, religious studies, philosophy, or anthropology. Projects must also demonstrate an approach that is thoughtful, balanced, and analytical (rather than celebratory). The approach to the subject matter must go beyond the mere presentation of factual information to explore its larger significance and stimulate critical thinking. NEH is a national funding agency, so the projects that we support must demonstrate the potential to attract a broad general audience.
The Media Projects program supports film, television, and radio projects that engage general audiences with humanities ideas in creative and appealing ways. All projects must be grounded in humanities scholarship in disciplines such as history, art history, film studies, literature, drama, religious studies, philosophy, or anthropology. Projects must also demonstrate an approach that is thoughtful, balanced, and analytical (rather than celebratory). The approach to the subject matter must go beyond the mere presentation of factual information to explore its larger significance and stimulate critical thinking. NEH is a national funding agency, so the projects that we support must demonstrate the potential to attract a broad general audience.
NeXt Doc is a unique 5-day intensive fellowship presented by Youth FX and the Carey Institute for Global Good's Logan Nonfiction Program. The fellowship will bring together award-winning documentary filmmakers and young, emerging documentary storytellers from around the world to learn, share, and build their skills. Women, people of color, and LGBTQ filmmakers are encouraged to apply. 
NIHCM Foundation supports timely health care journalism that informs efforts to improve the health of Americans and that examines emerging health issues and their implications for cost, quality and access. Grants provide funding for  documentary films and their public engagement campaigns
The New Mexico Humanities Council accepts applications for funding to conduct high quality humanities programs for public audiences throughout the state. Programs are intended primarily for adults who are not full-time students and for families. They are programs widely advertised and held at times and in locations accessible to the general public. The programs may vary as widely as New Mexico's communities and audiences. These programs bring humanities scholars and the public together. They create a dialogue that enhances the civic and cultural life of the citizens of New Mexico.
The New Mexico Humanities Council accepts applications for funding to conduct high quality humanities programs for public audiences throughout the state. Programs are intended primarily for adults who are not full-time students and for families. They are programs widely advertised and held at times and in locations accessible to the general public. The programs may vary as widely as New Mexico's communities and audiences. These programs bring humanities scholars and the public together. They create a dialogue that enhances the civic and cultural life of the citizens of New Mexico.
New York State Council of the Arts' (NYSCA) Individual Artists Program venerates the power of the individual by supporting composers, choreographers, theatre artists and film and media makers, enabling them to successfully realize their visions. The Individual Artists Program for "Film, Media and New Technology Production" is now open to any New York State resident artists working in film, video, or other electronic media, and it can generally be used for production expenses on a new project.   Note: documentaries can only apply for post-production funds.
NYWIFT’s In-Kind Post Production Grant services to films directed and produced by New York area-based women filmmakers. Grants for an on-line session and/or a sound mix will be awarded. Films may be up to one and a half hours long and any genre. The Grants will be awarded to help complete a work-in-progress. Films must have completed principle photography and be at a rough cut or fine cut stage to be eligible.
One World Media Fellowship is aimed at aspiring journalists and filmmakers, who seek to make a career out of reporting the global south, raising awareness about the developing world and breaking down prejudices.
Open Meadows is specifically looking to direct its resources towards changing the world. We are looking for projects focused on activism, political change, and empowerment directed by, and benefiting women and girls. Examples include projects focused on: Standing Rock, boycotts, marches, creation of new activist organizations, labor rights, community organizing, voting rights, environmental activism, economic rights, and other forms of political action encouraging participation by women and girls for women and girls.
The Oppenheimer Cine Rental New Filmmaker Equipment Grant Program is a grant to support new filmmakers in producing their first serious film project. The grant awards the use of our Grant Program Arriflex 16SR2 camera package to senior and graduate thesis students and to independent filmmakers for a scheduled period of time. 
The Oregon Media Arts Fellowship(s) provides financial and other support for production expenses to enable Oregon film or video artists to create or complete new work or works in progress. The Media Arts Fellowship recognizes and assists media artists whose work shows exceptional promise and who have demonstrated a commitment to film or video art. 
The Pare Lorentz Documentary Fund supports full-length documentary films that reflect the spirit and nature of Pare Lorentz's work, exhibiting objective research, artful storytelling, strong visual style, high production values, artistic writing, and outstanding music composition, as well as skillful direction, camerawork and editing. A program of the International Documentary Association, the Pare Lorentz Documentary Fund is made possible by The New York Community Trust.
We support stories that raise awareness, create progress toward social justice, and have the power to transform how we think and act. 
The Digital Shorts Fund is PIC’s newest funding initiative, which provides funding of up to $25,000 for the completion of fiction and non-fiction short content of untold stories and fresh perspectives on the Pacific Islander experience.  Projects that are completed will be distributed on public media digital platforms with an option for public television broadcast. 
Media Fund provides up to $50,000 in Completion funding for single programs of standard broadcast length (56:46 or 26:46). In rare cases, when the story warrants it, PIC will consider feature-length programs in accordance with PBS broadcast specifications. Producers applying for Completion funds will need to enter into an exclusive four-year public television broadcast rights license for the U.S. and its territories.
Media Fund provides up to $50,000 in Production funding for single programs of standard broadcast length (56:46 or 26:46). In rare cases, when the story warrants it, PIC will consider feature-length programs in accordance with PBS broadcast specifications. Producers applying for Production funds will need to enter into an exclusive four-year public television broadcast rights license for the U.S. and its territories.
Media Fund provides up to $50,000 in Production funding for single programs of standard broadcast length (56:46 or 26:46). In rare cases, when the story warrants it, PIC will consider feature-length programs in accordance with PBS broadcast specifications. Producers applying for Production funds will need to enter into an exclusive four-year public television broadcast rights license for the U.S. and its territories.
Media Fund provides up to $15,000 for Research & Development (R&D) funding for single programs of standard broadcast length (56:46 or 26:46). In rare cases, when the story warrants it, PIC will consider feature-length programs in accordance with PBS broadcast specifications. Producers applying for R&D funds will need to enter into an exclusive four-year public television broadcast rights license for the US and its territories.
The Points North Fellowship is a unique opportunity for six filmmakers (or filmmaking teams) to accelerate the development of their feature-length documentary projects through a combination of funding, focused mentorship, workshops, industry meetings and a public pitch session at the Camden International Film Festival.
Taking place September 9 – 16, the Shortform Editing Residency provides a focused, creative space for independent nonfiction filmmakers and multimedia journalists to work on their short films or episodic documentaries with guidance from experienced mentors. Past mentors have included representatives from Field of Vision, VICE, Vimeo, Great Big Story (CNN) and Netflix.
We support organizations and community programs that impart values, histories, and knowledge across generations to make our communities stronger and healthier. We are particularly interested in supporting initiatives that address the root causes of social, economic, racial, or environmental issues. 
Potlatch Fund is a community foundation and leadership developtment organization. We are dedicated to inspiring the Native tradition of giving and expanding philanthropy within Tribal Nations and Native communities in the Northwest.
Funding priority will be given to both traditional and contemporary projects working to strengthen Native art forms, practices, and knowledge that develop a stronger sense of identity and livability of the community. Projects or practices should utilize the cultural richness within a community. 
POV, public television's premier showcase for independent, nonfiction film, seeks programs from all perspectives to showcase in its annual PBS series. All subjects, aesthetic approaches and lengths are welcomed.
The Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting funds international travel costs associated with reporting projects on topics and regions of global importance, with an emphasis on issues that have gone unreported or under-reported in the mainstream American media. The amount of individual travel grants will depend on the specific project and detailed budget planning. Most awards fall in the range of $5,000 to $15,000 but depending on project specifics may be higher.
We support bi-annually international teams of journalists cooperating on a cross-border research project in Europe. Field reporting and foreign journalism have been hit by shrinking news budgets in many media companies. Especially freelancers find it increasingly difficult to raise the funds needed for in-depth research abroad. Whether print or Web 3.0, TV, audio or cross-media, whether classical formats or new styles:  What we want is first-class research, international collaboration and inspiring journalism from reporters passionate to look up close and tell stories that would otherwise remain untold. "Reporters in the Field" research grants foster learning and international dialog.
Unlike festivals which give awards for filmmakers’ past works, the Rooftop Filmmakers Fund is an opportunity to help our community of filmmakers make their next movie.  Rooftop Films set aside $1 from every ticket sold and $1 from every submission fee received and grants those funds to alumni filmmakers for their film productions. We’ve been screening films since 1997, and every filmmaker who has ever shown a film with Rooftop is eligible for our grants. Only filmmakers who have screened a movie at Rooftop Films’ festival are eligible.
At the height of summer, when filmmakers are neck-deep in the editing process, the Rough Cut Retreat offers a one-of-a-kind mentorship experience. Launched in 2016, RCR unites nonfiction filmmakers and mentors in a creative, supportive, and engaged atmosphere. Rough Cut Retreat offers filmmakers & their projects thoughtful feedback to help move films from a rough cut to a final cut with an eye on winter festival deadlines. This year, the retreat will convene at the Carey Institute for Global Good’s sprawling, 100-acre campus. It encourages a free-wheeling environment where filmmaker's visions are supported by mentors hand-picked for their editorial strength and generosity of spirit. Both True/False and Catapult are dedicated to supporting documentary work whose content and aesthetics push boundaries, and that provoke dynamic discussion.
The Roy W. Dean Film Grants funds independent feature films, documentaries, web series, and short films that are unique and make a contribution to society that, without its help, might otherwise never get made. 
BBC World Service and Sundance Institute are collaborating on Rulebreakers, a series of audio documentaries with accompanying short films. We are seeking creative and ambitious pitches from film-makers, journalists, audio producers and podcasters on the theme of broken rules.
Screen Australia’s Documentary Development program assists experienced documentary makers to achieve planned outcomes for the development of their projects.
This program is designed to enhance the distribution and marketing of quality Australian films across traditional and alternative release platforms.
The Commissioned program is designed to support the production of a diverse range of quality documentaries made primarily for free-to-air or subscription television broadcast, VOD platform or similar (Commissioning Platforms), that offer a compelling vision and have clear enduring cultural value beyond their initial availability.
This program seeks to provide practitioners with the opportunity to create appropriate written and/or visual materials to ensure that projects are as strong as possible when competing for production finance. Emerging Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander producers are encouraged to apply.
In partnership with BondIt Media Capital, ScreenCraft is offering two production grants per year to talented filmmakers for narrative features, short films and TV pilot series scripts and documentaries that display originality, vision & exceptional potential. Grant amounts will vary from $10,000 to $30,000 depending on the scale and merit of each project. This program includes creative development from the ScreenCraft team and production guidance and resources from BondIt Media Capital and Buffalo 8 Productions.
The SFFILM Catapult Documentary Fellowship supports filmmakers in early development on compelling, story-driven, feature documentary films. The fellowship includes a $10,000 grant, curated mentors, guidance from SFFILM and Catapult Film Fund staff, and access to SFFILM's FilmHouse residency. The budget of the film cannot exceed $3M.
The SFFILM Documentary Film Fund (DFF) supports riveting documentaries in post-production distinguished by compelling stories, intriguing characters and an innovative visual approach. DFF grants, awarded once each year to documentary feature projects, are open to filmmakers internationally. Exact amounts of individual grants and the number of grants made will be determined on an annual basis. 
Through the New American Producers Fellowship, created in partnership with the Flora Family Foundation, SFFILM will award six-month fellowships to narrative or documentary producers who have arrived in the United States within the past ten years as either an immigrant or a non-immigrant to the U.S.
SFFILM's Vulcan Productions Environmental Fellowship is geared towards filmmakers from anywhere in the world with a proven track record of creating compelling, wide-reaching stories through documentary film, photography, journalism, or related fields. This fellowship will support a feature documentary project in development or early production that addresses pressing environmental or conservation issues through strong, creative storytelling that is both unique and appealing to a large audience
Get PAID to tour your film across the South! Southern Circuit is not a traditional film festival. We are the South's only tour of filmmakers, collaborating with a network of screening partner venues and filmmakers to share the transformative power of indie film with people in communities across the South. Share your work directly with diverse communities in small towns and big cities-and get paid to do it!
The Southern Producers Lab 2019, produced and presented by the New Orleans Film Society, is a three-day event (March 20-22, 2019) designed to bring together up to 10 emerging, diverse producers from around the South for an intensive series of workshops, panels, one-on-one mentoring sessions, and networking opportunities.
A year-long program designed to nurture emerging producers with project-specific support through the Creative Producing Lab, Creative Producing Summit, Sundance Film Festival attendance, year-round mentorship from industry mentors, and ongoing support from Sundance Institute Staff. The program is designed to hone emerging producers' creative instincts and evolve their communication and problem-solving skills at all stages of their next feature film project.
The DFP hosts four Labs annually including two Edit & Story Labs, the Documentary Music & Sound Design Lab at Skywalker Sound, and the Documentary Creative Producing Lab & Fellowship. In addition we offer three Fellowship opportunities through the Fellows Program at the Sundance Film Festival, the Creative Producing Summit at the Sundance Resort and the newly announced Creative Nonfiction Writer Fellowship. The Edit and Story Labs and Fellowship opportunities are open only to DFP grantees.
The Sundance Documentary Fund provides grants to filmmakers worldwide for feature-length projects that display: artful film language, effective storytelling, originality and feasibility, contemporary cultural relevance, and potential to reach and connect with its intended audience. Preference is given to projects that convey clear story structure, higher stakes and contemporary relevance, forward going action or questions, demonstrated access to subjects, and quality use of film craft.
The Sundance Documentary Fund provides grants to filmmakers worldwide for feature-length projects that display: artful film language, effective storytelling, originality and feasibility, contemporary cultural relevance, and potential to reach and connect with its intended audience. Preference is given to projects that convey clear story structure, higher stakes and contemporary relevance, forward going action or questions, demonstrated access to subjects, and quality use of film craft.
The Sundance Documentary Fund provides grants to filmmakers worldwide for feature-length projects that display: artful film language, effective storytelling, originality and feasibility, contemporary cultural relevance, and potential to reach and connect with its intended audience. Preference is given to projects that convey clear story structure, higher stakes and contemporary relevance, forward going action or questions, demonstrated access to subjects, and quality use of film craft.
Sundance Institute’s Documentary Film Fund and The Marshall Project have partnered on a series of short film projects aimed at finding, nurturing, and elevating documentary stories about the U.S. criminal justice system. We are looking for filmmakers or teams with an individual in a key creative position (director, producer, director of photography, or editor) who has been impacted by the U.S. criminal justice system to develop stories that take a fresh approach to criminal justice narratives. Non-recoupable grants of up to $25,000 USD per project will be awarded to support up to five nonfiction short films, which will be launched on The Marshall Project website and a streaming or broadcast partner. 
Offering one of the few training grounds for independent voices to develop an original series and pilot script, the Sundance Institute Episodic Lab provides artists with the tools, training, and industry access to move their projects and careers forward. The Lab takes place at the Sundance Resort in Utah (September 27 -- October 2, 2018), where selected writers work with a group of accomplished showrunners, producers and executives to hone their writing skills and learn how to navigate the TV industry.
Sundance Institute is accepting proposals for the Stories of Change (SOC) Content Fund to support the development and production of independent storytelling projects produced in collaboration with Skoll-Awarded Social Entrepreneurs (SASEs).  SOC Development Grants will support the research and development phases for documentary/non­fiction projects; story development and scripting for fiction projects; and a range of research, scoping and scripting activities for developing storytelling projects on emerging platforms. Projects supported with an SOC Development Grant qualify to apply for Production Grants after completing the development phase of a successfully awarded SOC project.
Sundance Institute is accepting proposals for the Stories of Change (SOC) Content Fund to support the development and production of independent storytelling projects produced in collaboration with Skoll-Awarded Social Entrepreneurs (SASEs).  SOC Production Grants will support the production phase of documentary/non­fiction, fiction, and emerging storytelling platform projects. Projects considered for SOC Production Grants must be fully developed and ready for the pre­production phase and/or filming (example: completed script, confirmed story and subjects/characters).
The TFI Latin America Fund (supported by Bloomberg Philanthropies) provides grants, professional guidance and an entrance into the US industry to scripted, documentary, animated, or doc-fiction hybrid feature-length films from innovative filmmakers and storytellers living and working in the Caribbean, Mexico, Central and South America.
The TFI/ESPN Short Documentary Program supports short documentaries that elevate stories about sports-driven topics, individuals, and communities. The program serves emerging storytellers whose perspectives and backgrounds have been historically underrepresented on both sides of the camera, and will award up to $20,000 plus support and mentoring to each of the winning projects. 
The African Culture Fund (ACF) is a pan-African fund that aims to support the sectors of arts education and cultural and creative industries on the African Continent. The Fund seeks to professionalize of the creative sector, promote cultural entrepreneurs, artists, culture professionals and socio-economic and cultural organizations producing cultural goods and culture service providers.
The Bronx Documentary Center (BDC) created BDC Films in response to the lack of support for traditionally underrepresented documentary filmmakers in the Bronx, as well as the changes in storytelling professions that require a broader skillset for potential employment in creative industries. 
The Production Fund is intended to support digital media works that encourage social change. The grant requires that all works funded are available for free online viewing upon completion in order to reach the widest possible audience. The Production Fund supports artists with varying levels of experience, both to recognize accomplished individuals, as well as to provide opportunities for young and emerging artists.
The Documentary Company is an EIS fund that will produce new relevant topical Feature and TV documentaries with universal resonance, that cross cultural boundaries and exploit world-wide markets.
The Ford Foundation Fellowship Program, offered through the National Academy of Sciences, seeks to increase faculty diversity at US colleges and universities. Fellowships are made at the predoctoral, dissertation, and postdoctoral levels to students who demonstrate academic excellence, a commitment to pluralism, and a strong interest in teaching and research. Eligible applicants include citizens, nationals, and permanent residents of the United States, as well as individuals granted deferred action status under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
The Frameline Completion Fund provides grants to emerging and established filmmakers. Grants up to $5,000 are available for the completion of films that represent and reflect LGBTQ+ life in all its complexity and richness.
The Gucci Tribeca Documentary Fund, with support from the Oath Foundation, provides finishing funds to feature-length documentaries which highlight and humanize issues of social importance from around the world. For films, based anywhere, that are in production or post-production with intended premiere exhibition. Funded films are driven by thoughtful and in-depth storytelling, bolstered by a compelling visual approach.
The selected documentary filmmaker or video journalist will receive $5,000 towards the creation of a short, investigative documentary film, a one year ScreeningRoom Pro account, mentoring, and, for filmmakers based in the US, in-kind use of a Canon C300 Mark I cinema camera for ten days.  
The Islamic Scholarship Fund began awarding film grants in 2014 and through 2017, we awarded $30K each year in film grants. In 2018, $35K was awarded in film grants. The mass media has an undoubtedly powerful influence on society’s perceptions and beliefs about the subjects portrayed.  
The Jerome Foundation is pleased to announce the first round of a new Artist Fellowship program that offers flexible, two-year grants to support the creative development of early-career generative artists in the state of Minnesota and the five boroughs of New York City. Artists may apply individually or together with other members of ongoing collectives or ensembles.
The Jerome Foundation promotes a dynamic culture through support for artists, collectives and/or ensembles across all disciplines in the early stages of their vocational artistic lives to create new work and for nonprofit arts organizations that offer programs, services and activities for such artists, collectives and/or ensembles. We support artists and nonprofit arts organizations based in the state of Minnesota and the five boroughs of New York City.
The Ji.hlava Film Fund provides in-kind grants for visual and sound post-production of mid-length or feature-length documentary and hybrid films at the stage of production or post-production originating in Central and Eastern Europe, a region with a long documentary tradition.
Awarded annually, the Karen Schmeer Film Editing Fellowship was created in 2010 to honor the memory of gifted editor Karen Schmeer. It is a year-long experience that encourages and champions the talent of an emerging documentary editor. It creates opportunities to help cultivate an editor’s artistry and craft, and expand his or her professional and creative community.
Through the generosity of Loreen Arbus, New York Women in Film and Television has established the Loreen Arbus Disability Awareness Grant. The film completion grant for $7,500 will be awarded to a woman filmmaker for a film on physical or developmental disability issues. Directors and producers are eligible to apply.
The Manuel Rivera-Ortiz Foundation for Documentary Photography & Film will award a US$5,000 grant to a single completed “Short-Short” documentary film project. Our grant is open to up-and-coming, independent film makers and directors in all countries. Participant must be committed to the field of reportage and documentary film making.
The Planetary Health Film Lab is an intensive program designed for youth who have a story to tell about climate change and health and want to do so through film. During a week-long workshop at York University, Toronto, twelve international and domestic participants will learn to effectively tell stories that communicate data, research, and life experiences related to global and planetary health. The workshop teaches specific theories, techniques, and modes of social issue filmmaking and provides hands-on experience with new digital technologies and platforms.
The Public Media Content Fund (PMCF) is an open invitation to independent producers to submit proposals for programs, limited series or short web-based digital video projects (no longer than 20 minutes) on any subject relating to or representative of Latino Americans  and is appropriate for public television and/or one of its platforms.
The Public Media Content Fund (PMCF) is an open invitation to independent producers to submit proposals for programs, limited series or short web-based digital video projects (no longer than 20 minutes) on any subject relating to or representative of Latino Americans  and is appropriate for public television and/or one of its platforms.
The Public Media Content Fund (PMCF) is an open invitation to independent producers to submit proposals for programs, limited series or short web-based digital video projects (no longer than 20 minutes) on any subject relating to or representative of Latino Americans  and is appropriate for public television and/or one of its platforms.
The Southern Documentary Fund supports documentary films made in or about North Carolina through our annual filmmaking grants. These grants are made possible thanks to generous support from The Mary Duke Biddle Foundation.
The SDF Production Grant supports documentaries made by filmmakers living and working in the American South, funded with the generous support of The MacArthur Foundation.
The SDF Research and Development Grant supports documentaries made by current and aspiring filmmakers living and working in the American South, funded with the generous support of The MacArthur Foundation.
The Swiss fund visions sud est was initiated in 2005 by the Foundation trigon-film Baden and the Fribourg Film Festival, with the collaboration of Nyon's Visions du Reel and the support of the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation. In 2011, the Festival del film Locarno has joined the fund as new partner. The fund supports film productions from Asia, Africa, Latin America and Eastern Europe, aims at making them visible worldwide and guarantees their distribution in Switzerland. In case a project is being supported, all rights for Switzerland are automatically transfered to visions sud est.
The Swiss fund visions sud est was initiated in 2005 by the Foundation trigon-film Baden and the Fribourg Film Festival, with the collaboration of Nyon's Visions du Reel and the support of the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation. In 2011, the Festival del film Locarno has joined the fund as new partner. The fund supports film productions from Asia, Africa, Latin America and Eastern Europe, aims at making them visible worldwide and guarantees their distribution in Switzerland. In case a project is being supported, all rights for Switzerland are automatically transfered to visions sud est.
The Women In Film Finishing Fund gives grants to filmmakers working in both short and long formats, in all genres — narrative, documentary, animated and experimental. To apply for the Finishing Fund, the filmmaker must have completed 90% of principal photography and have a rough cut at the time of application. You do not have to be a Women In Film member to apply, and we encourage applications from around the world. 
The World Cinema Fund supports exclusively the production and distribution of feature films and feature-length documentaries. The support is focused on the following regions and countries: Latin America, Central America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia, Southeast Asia, the Caucasus as well as Bangladesh, Nepal, Mongolia and Sri Lanka.
The World Cinema Fund supports exclusively the production and distribution of feature films and feature-length documentaries. The support is focused on the following regions and countries: Latin America, Central America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia, Southeast Asia, the Caucasus as well as Bangladesh, Nepal, Mongolia and Sri Lanka. LINK
Tribeca All Access® is TFI’s flagship program for scripted and documentary storytellers who come from communities underrepresented in the film industry. TAA specializes in providing a full range of services for storytellers who are best described by one word: Fearless.
Independent filmmaking is flourishing, but stories can be undermined when filmmakers and journalists don’t bulletproof their stories against powerful critics or opponents. The goal of this workshop is to elevate the journalistic standards of independent filmmakers, increase the impact of their stories and help them break new ground.
Part incubator and part competition, the Unscripted Film Lab gives you the opportunity to receive up to $90,000 to put toward your documentary film project!
Part incubator and part competition, the Unscripted Film Lab is inspired by Y Combinator and our narrative SmashCut Film Lab.  It also comes with the opportunity to receive up to $90,000 to put toward your project!
VIDEOCAMP Film Fund is among the largest of its kind in the world. The winning project will receive up to US$400,000 (four hundred thousand dollars) to produce a movie on Inclusive Education. 
The purpose of the Virtual Reality Venture Capital Alliance (“VRVCA”) is to foster long-term growth in the VR industry through identifying, sharing and investing in the world's most innovative & impactful VR technology and content companies.
Vision Maker Media invites proposals for programs intended for Public Television that represent the experiences, values and cultures of American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Vision Maker Media invites proposals for programs intended for Public Television that represent the experiences, values and cultures of American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Vision Maker Media invites proposals for programs intended for Public Television that represent the experiences, values and cultures of American Indians and Alaska Natives.
Vision Maker Media invites proposals for programs intended for Public Television that represent the experiences, values and cultures of American Indians and Alaska Natives.
The Film & TV Funding Award is awarded annually to an emerging filmmaker from anywhere in the world with the most promising pitch for a director-led documentary which fulfils the core criteria detailed below. With a main award worth £80,000 and a runner-up contribution of £15,000, The Whickers Film & TV Funding Award is one of the most significant documentary awards in the world. Applications to this award are open until January 2020. 
The Radio and Audio Funding Award (RAFA) is awarded annually to an emerging audio producer based anywhere in the world to produce an original radio or audio documentary which fulfils the core criteria detailed below. A main award of £7,000 is awarded to an audio documentary-maker to produce a feature-length programme. £3,000 goes to the runner-up.
The William Greaves Fund will offer financial and mentorship support to non-fiction filmmakers of color at the mid-points in their careers. The fund aims to ensure that talented storytellers remain in the field and continue to create important stories focused on underrepresented people and topics.
Asian Women Giving Circle (AWGC) will award a maximum grant of $15,000 to organizations and individual artsists in NYC who are using art and culture to bring about progressive social transformation, raise awareness around critical issues that affect Asian American women, girls and families, and highlight women's central role as leaders, creators, developers and managers of these projects. 